hey guys a drive here and this is gonna
be a real quick video I just wanted to
discuss a few things first off thank you
everyone who subscribed so far for 500
subscribers it really means a lot to me
and I really just want to thank everyone
who's helped out and viewed my videos
the next thing is I want to get my
viewers and subscribers more involved if
you are subscribed to me or you view my
videos and you do want to add me I don't
suggest leaving a private message or a
video comment because I rarely respond
to those instead you should probably go
to my channel description find my skype
I've been at it that way you can ask me
and I can I am you're right back I want
to be able to race with my subscribers
and viewers so I'm gonna be trying to
host a few rooms weekly I had another
idea that I always record every world
library said I play and I think what I'm
gonna start doing is taking each
different particular worldwide and
making a top 5 video out of it if I have
enough exciting clips because it seems
to me that everyone loves seeing like
the epic moments and all that other
stuff I also had another idea that if I
had enough free time I would attempt to
do a let's play
I was thinking Paper Mario but that's
pretty cliche because I see everyone on
YouTube doing that for their Let's Plays
so if you have a good idea for an
original let's play with a unique game
leave a comment and let me know what
that would be and I'll see if I can get
to it another thing is when you watch my
video try and always leave a rating I
really don't care if it's a like' or
dislike'
but i want to know if you're liking the
content i'm displaying or you're not
because if you don't like it I want to
be able to get out something that you
will enjoy watching um I really want to
know what you want to see I'm trying to
help you guys have some enjoyment and
viewing my videos if that makes sense
um so yeah let me know what you guys
want to see and I'm just having fun
making these videos and it's even better
for me if you guys like them too
so that's pretty much it check out my
channel and also check out Mario Cart
cinemas channel thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed and I'll see you in the next
video
[Music]
[Applause]